Back now to our breaking
news here in the Middle East.
A massive explosion
at the largest refugee camp in Gaza.
Joining us now is Lieutenant
Colonel Richard Hecht.
He's the international spokesperson
for the Israel Defense Forces.
Thanks so much for joining us.
I want to ask you first
about this massive blast
that we all just saw.
We saw the video at the Jabalya
refugee camp in Gaza.
Is there anything more
you can, first of all,
tell us
about how this explosion happened?
I will.
Thanks for having me.
So we'll be coming out in the next
hopefully hour with more data.
But I can update you
now that there was a very senior
Hamas commander in that area.
Sadly, he was hiding again, as they do
behind the within civilians.
And that's all I can say at this point.
We're looking into it
and we'll be coming out with more data
as we learn what happened there.
A lot of individuals.
So can you confirm
it was an Israeli attack
that destroyed a big chunk
of that Jabalya refugee camp?
Yes, I can.
We when we were focused
on the target as your
senior commander, Wolf,
I will be updating
you with more data
as the hour moves ahead.
But even if that Hamas commander
was there, amidst
all those Palestinian refugees
who are in there
in that Jabalya refugee
camp,
Israel still went ahead
and dropped a bomb there
attempting to kill this Hamas
campus. Hamas commander.
Knowing that a lot of innocent
civilians,
men, women and children,
presumably would be killed,
is that what I'm hearing,
that the United States
and that's not what you're hearing, Wolf.
We again,
we're focused on this commander, again,
who you'll get more Doctor
who this man was
killed, many, many Israelis.
And we're doing everything we can.
It's a very complicated battle space.
That could be infrastructure there.
There could be tunnels there.
And we're still looking into
and we'll give you more data
as there are moves ahead.
But you know that there
are a lot of refugees,
a lot of innocent
civilians, men,
women and children
in that refugee camp as well.
Right.
This is the tragedy of war, Wolf.
I mean,
we as you know,
we've been saying for days, move south.
If aliens are not involved with Hamas,
please move south.
And just trying to get more information.
You knew there were civilians there.
You knew there were refugees,
all sorts of refugees.
But you decided to still drop a bomb
on that refugee camp attempting
to kill this Hamas commander.
By the way, was he killed?
And whether or not that is.
I can't confirm yet.
There will be more updated.
Yes, we know that he was killed
and by the civilians there.
We're doing everything we can
to minimize.
I'll tell you, I'll say again, badly.
They are hiding themselves within
civilian population.
And again,
we are doing this stage by stage,
and we're going to go
after every one of these terrorists
who was
involved in that genius attack on the 7th
of October Wolf.